welcome to the Keurig at home how to
maintenance videos we take you inside
Keurig to learn some easy solutions to
some common questions in this
installment we'll walk you through how
to properly clean the entrance and exit
needles as well as the k-cup portion
pack holder in your Keurig brewer the
process is the same for all Brewers so
we'll use the special edition as the
example
the needles and k-cup cleaning process
includes eight easy steps and should
take about ten minutes to complete to
begin make sure you have a clean metal
paperclip and access to a sink your
brewer should be turned off and
unplugged it's also helpful to make sure
you have plenty of light in the room the
needles are sharp so please be careful
when performing the following steps step
remove the portion pack holder from the
assembly lift the handle grasp the top
of the portion pack holder with one hand
while pushing up on the bottom of the
assembly from underneath with the other
until it releases step 2 remove the
funnel from the portion pack holder by
pulling on the sides until it detaches
if this is the first time doing this to
your portion pack holder it might take a
bit of extra force step 3 locate the
hole on the bottom of the exit needle
which is on the underside of the portion
pack holder straighten one side of your
metal paper clip and insert it into the
tube moving it around to loosen any
clogging and remove any particles keep
in mind that you cannot poke all the way
through the exit needle as the opening
of the needle is located on the side and
not the top step 4 since we have the
portion pack holder already taken apart
it's a good time to give it a cleaning
both the portion pack holder and funnel
should be rinsed under running water
washing thoroughly to loosen and remove
any particles at the same time you're
also cleaning the exit needle which is
sharp so be mindful of your fingers once
complete you can set the portion pack
holder and funnel aside alternatively
the portion pack holder and funnel are
both dishwasher safe but only if put on
the top shelf step 5
now let's clean the entrance needle lift
the brewer handle and locate the
entrance needle under the brewer head
look closely and you'll see two holes in
the needle which we'll need to clean the
entrance has a very sharp point so
please be careful step 6
carefully insert your metal paperclip
into the two side holes of the entrance
needle and
we move the paperclip around to loosen
and remove any particles then safely
remove the paperclip and your hands from
the area step 7
now we can put the portion pack holder
back into the k-cup assembly use two
hands to click the funnel back into the
portion pack holder by aligning the side
slots then align the portion pack holder
tabs with the opening of the assembly
placing the two front tabs on the bottom
and the single tab on top and snap it
into place
by pushing down on the top rim while
holding the brewer handle with your
other hand step 8
lower the handle completely and run to
water only brew cycles without using a
portion pack your Keurig brewer is now
ready for normal use thanks for joining
us for this installment of the Keurig at
home how to maintenance videos we hope
it was helpful
for more information please be sure to
visit us online at CARICOM or call us at
eight six six nine zero one brew
you